more Global condemnation of the Israeli
strike that killed seven Aid workers
from the world Central Kitchen this time
from the White House we were outraged to
learn of an IDF strike that killed a
number of Civilian humanitarian workers
yesterday from the world Central Kitchen
which has been Relentless in working to
get food to those who are hungry in Gaza
and quite frankly around the
world President Biden offered
condolences via a spokeswoman to the
families of the workers which include
one American dual citizen
the White House says the president plans
to make it clear to Israel that workers
must be protected World Central Kitchen
CEO called the attack unforgivable the
NGO says its workers were targeted as
they drove away from a food warehouse in
a deconflict Zone and despite
coordinating movements with the Israeli
military World Central Kitchen is
headquartered in Washington where it was
founded in 2010 by the Spanish American
Chef Jose Andre it's
is to deploy to world disasters front
lines in Haiti in Ukraine and now in
Gaza and it says never before has its
workers been exposed to this level of
danger with many of its Aid trucks
blocked by Israeli checkpoints World
Central Kitchen built a jetty in Gaza in
March using it to receive nearly 200
metric tons of food via ship a second
ship carrying double that amount of food
is now floating off the the coast as the
group immediately paused operations
after the aid workers deaths these
people are
heroes they run into the fire not away
from
it they show the best of what Humanity
has to offer us officials say they
expect the Israeli military to conduct a
swift comprehensive and transparent
investigation into the world Central
kitchen workers deaths more than 200
humanitarian workers have died in Gaza
since the war began Heidi Joe Castro Al
jaer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
aler